SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

CAREFULLY READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”).  BY CLICKING THE
“ACCEPT” OR “AGREE” BUTTON, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR
USING THE LICENSED MATERIALS (DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE ON BEHALF OF LICENSEE
TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.  “LICENSEE” MEANS THE CORPORATION OR OTHER LEGAL
ENTITY (IDENTIFIED ABOVE) TO WHICH XILINX, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION WITH AN
OFFICE AT 2100 LOGIC DRIVE, SAN JOSE, CA 95124 (“XILINX”) HAS ISSUED THE
LICENSE DESCRIBED HEREIN.  IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT CLICK THE “ACCEPT” OR “AGREE” BUTTON, AND
DO NOT ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE LICENSED MATERIALS, AND IF LICENSEE
HAS ALREADY OBTAINED THE LICENSED MATERIALS FROM AN AUTHORIZED SOURCE, PROMPTLY
RETURN THE LICENSED MATERIALS FOR A REFUND.  AS USED HEREIN, THE “EFFECTIVE
DATE” MEANS THE DATE ON WHICH LICENSEE CLICKS THE “ACCEPT” OR “AGREE” BUTTON
(IDENTIFIED ABOVE) OR OTHERWISE ACCESSES, DOWNLOADS, INSTALLS OR USES THE
LICENSED MATERIALS, WHICHEVER OCCURS FIRST.  The parties agree as follows:

1.	Definitions

“Affiliate” means an entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with a party hereto; where “control” means that the controlling party
directly or indirectly has the beneficial ownership of more than fifty percent
of the controlled entity’s shares or ownership interest giving the power to
direct or cause the direction of the general management of the controlled
entity.  An entity shall be an Affiliate only during the time when such control
exists.  “Licensed Materials” means the Xilinx (i) Control Plane software
(including onload_mibdump) and (ii) TCP Direct API (and related library and
utilities), that are provided by Xilinx to Licensee in connection with

“OpenOnload” and “EnterpriseOnload.”  Except as expressly set forth otherwise
in the preceding sentence, both OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload are
specifically excluded from Licensed Materials.

“Target Device” means a Xilinx Network Adapter (e.g. Solarflare-branded 8000 or
x2 series, Xilinx Alveo, or similar) device.

2.	License Grants.  

2.1	Licensed Materials: Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, and except as expressly set forth otherwise in Section 2.3 below,
Xilinx hereby grants Licensee the following nonexclusive, nontransferable
licenses:

2.1.1	Use Rights:  Licensee may internally reproduce and use the Licensed
Materials for the sole purpose of controlling a Target Device; and

2.1.2	Distribution Rights:  Licensee may reproduce and distribute the
Licensed Materials, solely in binary form for use to control a Target Device
that operates in Licensee’s system-level hardware products.

2.1.3	Affiliate Rights: Licensee may allow any of its Affiliates to exercise
the rights granted to Licensee above; provided however, that Licensee shall be
liable for any failure of Affiliates to the abide by the terms and conditions
of this Agreement as if such failure was the failure of Licensee.

2.2	OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload: Subject to the terms of this
Agreement, and except as expressly set forth otherwise in Section 2.3 below,
Xilinx hereby grants Licensee a license to OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload
under the GNU General Public License version 2, a copy of which is printed in
Exhibit A, subject to the following exceptions: (i) Xilinx hereby grants
Licensee a license to the Onload Extension Library and related test/example
code provided in connection with OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload under the BSD
2-clause, a copy of which is printed in Exhibit A; and (ii) Xilinx hereby
grants Licensee a license to the Etherfabric API (ef_vi) provided in connection
with OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload under the GNU Lesser General Public
License version 2.1, a copy of which is printed in Exhibit A.  

2.3.	Third-Party Licenses: Certain files, programs or other materials
distributed in connection with the Licensed Materials, OpenOnload and
EnterpriseOnload originate from third-party licensors and are licensed to
Licensee (not under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, but rather)
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the applicable licenses that appear in
Exhibit B and/or are contained or described in the corresponding release notes
or other documentation or header or source files.  Such files, programs or
other materials may be subject to the terms of the GNU General Public License
or other open source or free software licenses.  Licensee agrees to carefully
review and abide by the terms and conditions of these licenses to the extent
that they govern such files, programs or other materials.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, as between Xilinx and Licensee, to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law and if not prohibited by any such third-party licenses, all such
third-party files, programs or other materials shall be deemed covered under
Sections 6 (Disclaimers) and 7 (Limitation of Liability) and 10.3 (Governing
Law) of this Agreement. 

3.	Restrictions.

3.1	Licensee shall not use the Licensed Materials for any purpose other
than in compliance with Section 2.1 (Use Rights), or allow use by any person
other than in compliance with Section 2.2 (Distribution Rights).

3.2	Licensee shall not reproduce the Licensed Materials other than to the
extent necessary for its authorized use or distribution of the Licensed
Materials (per Section 2 above), and for archival and back-up purposes,
provided always that Licensee will at all times and in each instance, reproduce
all copyright notices and proprietary legends on each copy in the same manner
as such notices and legends appeared on the original.

3.3	Licensee shall not distribute or provide Licensed Materials to a third
party, other than in compliance with Section 2.2 (Distribution Rights).

3.4	Licensee shall not publish or disclose the results of any benchmarking
of the Licensed Materials, or use such results for its own competing
development activities.

3.5	Licensee shall not decrypt, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble,
or otherwise reduce to a human-perceivable form, or modify or alter, any
portion of the Licensed Materials that are provided by Xilinx in object code,
encrypted or other obfuscated form.

3.6	Licensee shall not modify or alter the Licensed Materials.

3.7	Licensee shall not hypothecate, rent, lease, loan, lend, time-share,
sublicense or otherwise transfer the Licensed Materials.

4.	Ownership.  Licensee acknowledges and agrees that all intellectual
property and industrial rights in and to the Licensed Materials and all copies
thereof are and will remain the sole property of Xilinx, or its licensors (if
any).  OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload and their components are owned by Xilinx
or the relevant third party.  Subject to the licenses granted and/or referenced
herein, title to OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload and their components remains
with Xilinx and/or the third party.  Nothing contained in this Agreement will
be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise upon Licensee
any license or other right except the licenses and rights expressly granted to
Licensee in Section 2 (License Grants).  Licensee understands that portions of
the Licensed Materials, OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload and related
documentation may have been licensed to Xilinx from third parties and that such
third parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of the provisions of this
Agreement.  The Licensed Materials, OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload are
protected by laws and international treaty provisions covering intellectual
property and industrial rights.  All modifications, changes, improvements and
enhancements to the Licensed Materials made in violation of this Agreement
(collectively “Modifications”) shall be the sole property of Xilinx.  Licensee
hereby assigns and agrees to assign to Xilinx Licensee's entire right, title
and interest in and to the Modifications and all associated intellectual
property rights, and Licensee shall acquire no greater rights therein than
specifically provided for in this Agreement; provided however that Licensee
shall have no obligation to disclose or provide such Modifications to Xilinx
and “Modifications” do not include technology independently developed by
Licensee that is added to or incorporated in the Licensed Materials.  Licensee
agrees that any Modifications made in violation of this Agreement are made
solely at its own risk and that Xilinx accepts no liability whatsoever for any
such Modifications. 

5.	Confidentiality.  

5.1	Duties.  Except as otherwise expressly permitted in Section 2 (License
Grants), Licensee shall (a) maintain the confidentiality of the Licensed
Materials; and (b) not make the Licensed Materials available in any form to any
person other than to its employees and contractors who have a genuine “need to
know” on behalf of Licensee for purposes authorized by this Agreement, and who
are bound by obligations of confidentiality no less protective of Xilinx (and
its licensors, if any) than those contained herein.  Licensee represents to
Xilinx that it maintains a system of confidentiality consistent with commonly
accepted practices to protect its own confidential business information,
including written agreements with employees and contractors, and that the
Licensed Materials will be protected by such a system to the same extent, but
in no event with less than reasonable care.  Licensee shall be liable to Xilinx
for any failure of its contractors to comply with the terms and conditions of
the Agreement as if such failure was a failure of the Licensee. Licensee agrees
that a breach of this Agreement may result in irreparable and continuing damage
to Xilinx for which there may be no adequate remedy at law, and Xilinx shall be
entitled to seek injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance,
and such other relief (including monetary damages) as may be proper.

5.2	Exceptions. The obligations of confidentiality under this Agreement
shall not apply to information that: (a) is already known to Licensee at the
time of disclosure without obligation of confidentiality; (b) is or becomes
publicly known through no wrongful act or omission of Licensee; (c) is
rightfully received by Licensee from a third party without obligation of
confidentiality; (d) is approved for release by written authorization of
Xilinx; or (e) was developed by Licensee independently and without the use or
benefit of the Licensed Materials.

6.	Disclaimers.

6.1	TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED
MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND,
AND XILINX DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  XILINX DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN
THE LICENSED MATERIALS WILL MEET LICENSEE’S REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE LICENSED
MATERIALS WILL OPERATE PROPERLY, WHETHER ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH OTHER
FUNCTIONALITY, CORES, SOFTWARE OR PROTOCOLS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE
LICENSED MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ALL ERRORS OR
DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE CAPABLE OF BEING CORRECTED.  XILINX MAKES
NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE COMPLETED,
TESTED, VERIFIED, OR WILL WORK ON THEIR OWN WITHOUT REVISIONS.  LICENSEE IS
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR VERIFICATION OF ITS DESIGN.  XILINX SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ANY OBLIGATIONS FOR TECHNICAL SUPPORT AND BUG FIXES, AS WELL AS ANY
LIABILITY ARISING FROM LICENSEE’S USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS.

6.2	LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IN COMBINATION
WITH OTHER FUNCTIONALITY, CORES, SOFTWARE OR PROTOCOLS MAY REQUIRE LICENSES
FROM THIRD PARTIES AND LICENSEE ACCEPTS SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR OBTAINING SUCH
LICENSES.

6.3	THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED TO BE FAIL-SAFE, OR
FOR USE IN ANY APPLICATION REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE, SUCH AS
APPLICATIONS RELATED TO LIFE-SUPPORT OR SAFETY DEVICES OR SYSTEMS, CLASS III
MEDICAL DEVICES, NUCLEAR FACILITIES, DEPLOYMENT OF AIRBAGS, CONTROL OF VEHICLE
OR AIRCRAFT (UNLESS THERE IS A FAIL-SAFE OR REDUNDANCY FEATURE WHICH DOES NOT
INCLUDE USE OF SOFTWARE IN ANY XILINX DEVICE TO IMPLEMENT THE REDUNDANCY AND A
WARNING SIGNAL UPON FAILURE TO THE OPERATOR), OR ANY OTHER APPLICATIONS THAT
COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY OR SEVERE PROPERTY OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE
(INDIVIDUALLY AND COLLECTIVELY, “CRITICAL APPLICATIONS”).  LICENSEE AGREES,
PRIOR TO USING OR DISTRIBUTING ANY SYSTEMS THAT INCORPORATE THE LICENSED
MATERIALS, TO THOROUGHLY TEST THE SAME FOR SAFETY PURPOSES.  TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSEE ASSUMES THE SOLE RISK AND
LIABILITY OF ANY USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IN CRITICAL APPLICATIONS.

7.	Limitation of Liability.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW:  (1) IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF
DATA, LOST PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES, OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES
ARISING UNDER, RELATED TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR
OPERATION OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, HOWEVER CAUSED AND
UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY; (2) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF
XILINX OR ITS LICENSORS ARISING UNDER, RELATED TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES RECEIVED BY XILINX FROM LICENSEE
FOR THE LICENSED MATERIALS; (3) THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS SHALL APPLY
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSS WAS REASONABLY FORESEEABLE OR IF XILINX HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES; AND (4) THESE LIMITATIONS
SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED
REMEDIES HEREIN.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT,
NEITHER PARTY EXCLUDES OR LIMITS ITS LIABILITY IN ANY WAY FOR ANY MATTER THAT
CANNOT, AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW, BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED.  THE PARTIES
AGREE THAT THIS SECTION 7 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY) REPRESENTS AN ALLOCATION OF
RISK WHICH THE PARTIES CONSIDER REASONABLE.

8.	Term and Termination. 

8.1	Term.  This Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date, and will
remain effective until terminated in accordance with this Section 8.  

8.2	Termination by Licensee.  Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any
time for any or no reason by destroying the Licensed Materials and all copies
and derivative works, and providing notice to Xilinx of same.

8.3	Termination by Xilinx.  Xilinx may terminate this Agreement for
material breach by Licensee, provided that Xilinx has given written notice to
Licensee of such breach and Licensee fails to cure such breach within thirty
(30) days thereof; provided, however, in the event of a breach of
confidentiality under Section 5 whereby unauthorized disclosure and/or
dissemination by electronic or other means is likely to cause undue harm to
Xilinx, then Xilinx may, at its discretion, immediately terminate this
Agreement and seek other appropriate equitable and legal remedies as deemed
necessary to protect its interests hereunder.

8.4	Effects of Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement the
licenses and rights granted by Xilinx hereunder will cease, and Licensee shall
destroy the Licensed Materials, including all copies and derivative works, and
all related documentation and certify such destruction in writing to Xilinx.
Each party’s rights and obligations under the following provisions of this
Agreement shall indefinitely survive the termination of this Agreement:
Sections 4 (Ownership); 5 (Confidentiality); 6 (Disclaimers); 7 (Limitation of
Liability), 8.4 (Effects of Termination); and 10 (General).

9.	No Technical Support.  Xilinx will not provide technical support, phone
support, or updates for the Licensed Materials, OpenOnload and EnterpriseOnload
under this Agreement.  Technical support, if available, may be acquired from
Xilinx under a separate agreement.



10.	General.

10.1	Governmental Use. The Licensed Materials are comprised of commercial
computer software developed exclusively at the expense of Xilinx.  Accordingly,
pursuant to the U.S. government’s Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Section
12.212 and Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) Section 227.7202, use, duplication
and disclosure of the Licensed Materials by or for the U.S. government is
subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.  Manufacturer is
Xilinx, Inc., 2100 Logic Drive, San Jose, CA 95124.

10.2	Export Compliance.  Licensee shall adhere to all applicable import and
export laws and regulations of Licensee’s country and of the United States,
without limitation.  This Agreement may involve items and information that are
subject to the U.S. government’s International Traffic in Arms Regulations
(ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR).  The importer/exporter of
record shall not export, reexport, resell, transfer, or disclose, directly or
indirectly, any products or technical data, to any proscribed person, entity,
or country, or foreign persons thereof, unless properly authorized by the U.S.
government and/or any other applicable or relevant government or regulatory
body.

10.3	Governing Law. This Agreement and its performance will be governed by,
subject to, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California, excluding conflict of law rules.  The parties specifically exclude
from application to this Agreement the United Nations Convention on contracts
for the International Sale of Goods.

10.4	Assignment.  Licensee shall not assign this Agreement or transfer any
of the rights or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Xilinx.
Any merger, acquisition, reorganization, change of control, or the like,
involving Licensee shall be deemed an assignment in violation of the foregoing.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be for the benefit of Xilinx and
its successors and assigns, and will be binding on Licensee’s permitted
assignees.

10.5	Waiver; Amendment.  No waiver, express or implied, by either party of
any right or remedy for any breach by the other party of any provision of this
Agreement will be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach
of such provision or as a waiver of the provision itself or of any other breach
or provision.  No waiver of or modification or amendment to this Agreement will
be effective unless reduced to writing and executed by authorized
representatives of the parties. 

10.6	Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is found
unenforceable, illegal, void or invalid in whole or in part, then it shall to
that extent be deemed not to form part of this Agreement and the remainder of
the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

10.7	Notices.  Any notices required or permitted by this Agreement shall be
in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as
indicated:  (i) by personal delivery, when delivered personally; (ii) by
overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt; (iii) by facsimile
transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission,
provided that notice is also provided by one of the other methods herein within
five (5) days thereafter; or (iv) by certified or registered mail, return
receipt requested, upon verification of receipt.  Notice shall be sent to the
addresses set forth above or to such other address as either party may specify
in writing.  Notices to Xilinx shall be addressed to the attention of: Xilinx,
Inc., Attn: General Counsel, Legal Department, 2100 Logic Drive, San Jose, CA
95124.

10.8	Entire Agreement.  This Agreement represents and constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the Licensed Materials, and
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous discussions, representations,
arrangements, understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the
subject matter hereof.  No additional terms or modifications proposed by
Licensee shall be binding on Xilinx unless expressly agreed to in writing and
signed by Xilinx.

10.9	Interpretation.  By clicking to “accept” or “agree” to this Agreement,
Licensee acknowledges and agrees that it has read and understood this
Agreement, has had an opportunity to discuss this Agreement with its legal and
other advisors, and agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.  This Agreement shall be interpreted fairly in accordance with its
terms and without any strict construction in favor of or against either party.


XILINX CONFIDENTIAL
2020.02
EXHIBIT A
Licenses Applicable to Xilinx Copyrighted Components in OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Version 2, June 1991

Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share
and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to
guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the
software is free for all its users. This General Public License applies to most
of the Free Software Foundation's software and to any other program whose
authors commit to using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is
covered by the GNU Library General Public License instead.) You can apply it to
your programs, too.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our
General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to
distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish),
that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change
the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you
can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny
you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions
translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the
software, or if you modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for
a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make
sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them
these terms so they know their rights.

We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2)
offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute
and/or modify the software.

Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that
everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If the
software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to
know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced
by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.

Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We wish
to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually
obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary. To prevent
this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's
free use or not licensed at all.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification
follow.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice
placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of
this General Public License. The "Program", below, refers to any such program
or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any
derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the
Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or
translated into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without
limitation in the term "modification".) Each licensee is addressed as "you".

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by
this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running the Program is not
restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents
constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by
running the Program). Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as
you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and
disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License
and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the
Program a copy of this License along with the Program.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may
at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus
forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications
or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of
these conditions:

a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that
you changed the files and the date of any change.

b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in
part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be
licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this
License.

c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you
must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most
ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate
copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that
you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these
conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License.
(Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print
such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print
an announcement.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable
sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably
considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and
its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate
works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a
work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms
of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire
whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your
rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the
right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on
the Program.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the
Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or
distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this
License.

3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under
Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and
2 above provided that you also do one of the following:

a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code,
which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
customarily used for software interchange; or,

b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give
any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing
source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding
source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
medium customarily used for software interchange; or,

c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute
corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial
distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable
form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)

The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making
modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code means all the
source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface
definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation
of the executable. However, as a special exception, the source code distributed
need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or
binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the
operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself
accompanies the executable.

If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source
code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though
third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as
expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify,
sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate
your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or
rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so
long as such parties remain in full compliance.

5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it.
However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program
or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not
accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or
any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to
do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Program or works based on it.

6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program),
the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to
copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions.
You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the
rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by
third parties to this License.

7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions
are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that
contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the
conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy
simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent
obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all.
For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution
of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through
you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and
the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or
other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this
section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software
distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many
people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software
distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to
distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that
choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a
consequence of the rest of this License.

8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain
countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original
copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit
geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that
distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such
case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of
this License.

9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the
General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in
spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems
or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies
a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version",
you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that
version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If
the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose
any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs
whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for
permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation,
write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.
Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of
all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of
software generally.

NO WARRANTY

11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR
THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE
STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE
PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU
ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL
ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE
PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA
BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER
OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs

If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible
use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it free software
which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.

To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is safest to attach
them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the exclusion
of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a
pointer to where the full notice is found.

One line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.

Copyright (C) <year> <name of author>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple
Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this when it
starts in an interactive mode:

Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author Gnomovision comes
with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'. This is free software,
and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; type `show c'
for details.

The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate
parts of the General Public License. Of course, the commands you use may be
called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be
mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school,
if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary. Here is
a sample; alter the names:

Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program
`Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.

signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1989

Ty Coon, President of Vice

This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into
proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider
it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library. If
this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General Public License instead
of this License.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Xilinx’s Onload Extensions Stub Library (distributed in connection with OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload)

BSD 2-Clause

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Xilinx’s Etherfabric API and library (ef_vi) (distributed in connection with OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload)

GNU Lesser General Public License

Version 2.1, February 1999

Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc. 59 Temple Place, Suite
330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute
verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL. It also counts as the
successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence the version
number 2.1.]

Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share
and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public Licenses are intended to
guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the
software is free for all its users.

This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some specially
designated software packages--typically libraries--of the Free Software
Foundation and other authors who decide to use it. You can use it too, but we
suggest you first think carefully about whether this license or the ordinary
General Public License is the better strategy to use in any particular case,
based on the explanations below.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use, not price.
Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom
to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you
wish); that you receive source code or can get it if you want it; that you can
change the software and use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you are
informed that you can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid distributors
to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these rights. These
restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute
copies of the library or if you modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis or for a
fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave you. You must
make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. If you link other
code with the library, you must provide complete object files to the
recipients, so that they can relink them with the library after making changes
to the library and recompiling it. And you must show them these terms so they
know their rights.

We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the library,
and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal permission to copy,
distribute and/or modify the library.

To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that there is no
warranty for the free library. Also, if the library is modified by someone else
and passed on, the recipients should know that what they have is not the
original version, so that the original author's reputation will not be affected
by problems that might be introduced by others.

Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of any free
program. We wish to make sure that a company cannot effectively restrict the
users of a free program by obtaining a restrictive license from a patent
holder. Therefore, we insist that any patent license obtained for a version of
the library must be consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this
license.

Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary GNU
General Public License. This license, the GNU Lesser General Public License,
applies to certain designated libraries, and is quite different from the
ordinary General Public License. We use this license for certain libraries in
order to permit linking those libraries into non-free programs.

When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using a shared
library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a combined work, a
derivative of the original library. The ordinary General Public License
therefore permits such linking only if the entire combination fits its criteria
of freedom. The Lesser General Public License permits more lax criteria for
linking other code with the library.

We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it does Less
to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General Public License. It also
provides other free software developers Less of an advantage over competing
non-free programs. These disadvantages are the reason we use the ordinary
General Public License for many libraries. However, the Lesser license provides
advantages in certain special circumstances.

For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to encourage the
widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes a de-facto
standard. To achieve this, non-free programs must be allowed to use the
library. A more frequent case is that a free library does the same job as
widely used non-free libraries. In this case, there is little to gain by
limiting the free library to free software only, so we use the Lesser General
Public License.

In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free programs
enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free software. For
example, permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free programs enables many
more people to use the whole GNU operating system, as well as its variant, the
GNU/Linux operating system.

Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the users'
freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is linked with the
Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that program using a
modified version of the Library.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification
follow. Pay close attention to the difference between a "work based on the
library" and a "work that uses the library". The former contains code derived
from the library, whereas the latter must be combined with the library in order
to run.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other program
which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized
party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Lesser General
Public License (also called "this License"). Each licensee is addressed as
"you".

A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data prepared so as
to be conveniently linked with application programs (which use some of those
functions and data) to form executables.

The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work which has
been distributed under these terms. A "work based on the Library" means either
the Library or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work
containing the Library or a portion of it, either verbatim or with
modifications and/or translated straightforwardly into another language.
(Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term
"modification".)

"Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making
modifications to it. For a library, complete source code means all the source
code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition
files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the
library.

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by
this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running a program using
the Library is not restricted, and output from such a program is covered only
if its contents constitute a work based on the Library (independent of the use
of the Library in a tool for writing it). Whether that is true depends on what
the Library does and what the program that uses the Library does.

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's complete source
code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and
disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License
and to the absence of any warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along
with the Library.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may
at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of it, thus
forming a work based on the Library, and copy and distribute such modifications
or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of
these conditions:

a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices stating that
you changed the files and the date of any change.

c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge to all
third parties under the terms of this License.

d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a table of
data to be supplied by an application program that uses the facility, other
than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked, then you must make a
good faith effort to ensure that, in the event an application does not supply
such function or table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part
of its purpose remains meaningful.

(For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has a purpose
that is entirely well-defined independent of the application. Therefore,
Subsection 2d requires that any application-supplied function or table used by
this function must be optional: if the application does not supply it, the
square root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable
sections of that work are not derived from the Library, and can be reasonably
considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and
its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate
works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a
work based on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms
of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire
whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your
rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the
right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on
the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library with the
Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of a storage or
distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this
License.

3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public License
instead of this License to a given copy of the Library. To do this, you must
alter all the notices that refer to this License, so that they refer to the
ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2, instead of to this License. (If
a newer version than version 2 of the ordinary GNU General Public License has
appeared, then you can specify that version instead if you wish.) Do not make
any other change in these notices.

Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for that copy, so
the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all subsequent copies and
derivative works made from that copy.

This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the Library
into a program that is not a library.

4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or derivative of it,
under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections
1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the complete corresponding
machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of
Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange.

If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from a
designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from
the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the source code, even
though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object
code.

5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library, but is
designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked with it, is
called a "work that uses the Library". Such a work, in isolation, is not a
derivative work of the Library, and therefore falls outside the scope of this
License.

However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library creates an
executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it contains portions of
the Library), rather than a "work that uses the library". The executable is
therefore covered by this License. Section 6 states terms for distribution of
such executables.

When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file that is
part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a derivative work of
the Library even though the source code is not. Whether this is true is
especially significant if the work can be linked without the Library, or if the
work is itself a library. The threshold for this to be true is not precisely
defined by law.

If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data structure layouts
and accessors, and small macros and small inline functions (ten lines or less
in length), then the use of the object file is unrestricted, regardless of
whether it is legally a derivative work. (Executables containing this object
code plus portions of the Library will still fall under Section 6.)

Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may distribute the
object code for the work under the terms of Section 6. Any executables
containing that work also fall under Section 6, whether or not they are linked
directly with the Library itself.

6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or link a "work
that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a work containing portions
of the Library, and distribute that work under terms of your choice, provided
that the terms permit modification of the work for the customer's own use and
reverse engineering for debugging such modifications.

You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the Library is
used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License. You
must supply a copy of this License. If the work during execution displays
copyright notices, you must include the copyright notice for the Library among
them, as well as a reference directing the user to the copy of this License.
Also, you must do one of these things:

a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding machine-readable source
code for the Library including whatever changes were used in the work (which
must be distributed under Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an
executable linked with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work
that uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the user can
modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified executable containing
the modified Library. (It is understood that the user who changes the contents
of definitions files in the Library will not necessarily be able to recompile
the application to use the modified definitions.)

b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library. A
suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a copy of the library
already present on the user's computer system, rather than copying library
functions into the executable, and (2) will operate properly with a modified
version of the library, if the user installs one, as long as the modified
version is interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.

c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to
give the same user the materials specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a
charge no more than the cost of performing this distribution.

d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy from a
designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above specified materials
from the same place.

e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these materials or that
you have already sent this user a copy.

For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the Library" must
include any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the executable
from it. However, as a special exception, the materials to be distributed need
not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary
form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating
system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
the executable.

It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license restrictions of
other proprietary libraries that do not normally accompany the operating
system. Such a contradiction means you cannot use both them and the Library
together in an executable that you distribute.

7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library
side-by-side in a single library together with other library facilities not
covered by this License, and distribute such a combined library, provided that
the separate distribution of the work based on the Library and of the other
library facilities is otherwise permitted, and provided that you do these two
things:

a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the
Library, uncombined with any other library facilities. This must be distributed
under the terms of the Sections above.

b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that part of it
is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the accompanying
uncombined form of the same work.

8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library
except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy,
modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library is void, and will
automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who
have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have
their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it.
However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Library
or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not
accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Library (or
any work based on the Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to
do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Library or works based on it.

10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the Library),
the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to
copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library subject to these terms and
conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients'
exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing
compliance by third parties with this License.

11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions
are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that
contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the
conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy
simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent
obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Library at all.
For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution
of the Library by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through
you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.  If any portion of this
section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the
balance of the section is intended to apply, and the section as a whole is
intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or
other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this
section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software
distribution system which is implemented by public license practices. Many
people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software
distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to
distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that
choice.


This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a
consequence of the rest of this License.

12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in certain
countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original
copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add an explicit
geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that
distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such
case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of
this License.

13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the
Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be
similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address
new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library specifies
a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version",
you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that
version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If
the Library does not specify a license version number, you may choose any
version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free programs
whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these, write to the author
to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software
Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions
for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free
status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and
reuse of software generally.

NO WARRANTY

15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR
THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE
STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE
LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU
ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL
ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE
LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA
BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER
OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries

If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest possible
use to the public, we recommend making it free software that everyone can
redistribute and change. You can do so by permitting redistribution under these
terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the ordinary General Public
License).

 

To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library. It is safest
to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the
exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line
and a pointer to where the full notice is found.

<one line to give the library's name and an idea of what it does.>

Copyright (C) <year> <name of author>

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59
Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school,
if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if necessary. Here is
a sample; alter the names:

Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the library `Frob'
(a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.

signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1990

Ty Coon, President of Vice

That's all there is to it!


EXHIBIT B
Third-Party Components Distributed in Connection with Licensed Materials, OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Component: openbsd-libressl 2.9.2 

(distributed in connection with the Licensed Materials known as Control Plane software including onload_mibdump)



  LibReSSL files are retained under the copyright of the authors. New
  additions are ISC licensed as per OpenBSD's normal licensing policy,
  or are placed in the public domain. 

  The OpenSSL code is distributed under the terms of the original OpenSSL
  licenses which follow:

  LICENSE ISSUES
  ==============

  The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of
  the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.
  See below for the actual license texts.  In case of any license issues
  related to OpenSSL please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

  OpenSSL License
  ---------------

/* ====================================================================
 * Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 *
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
 *    distribution.
 *
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
 *
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
 *
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
 *    acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 * ====================================================================
 *
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 *
 */

 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This package is an SSL implementation written
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 * 
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 * 
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
 * the code are not to be removed.
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 * 
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
 * copied and put under another distribution licence
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
 */


* Copyright 2005-2014 Rich Felker, et al.
 *
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 * a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
 * "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
 * without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
 * distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
 * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
 * the following conditions:
 *
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
 * included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 *
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 * EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
 * MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
 * CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
 * TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
 * SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 * ----------------------------------------------------------------------
/*
 * Copyright (c) 2015, Google Inc.
 *
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
 *
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
 * WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
 * SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
 * WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
 * OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
 * CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
 */



* Copyright (c) 2005 Pascal Gloor <pascal.gloor@spale.com>
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote
 *    products derived from this software without specific prior written
 *    permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */




.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Ingo Schwarze <schwarze@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"


Copyright 2006 Network Resonance Inc
Copyright 2014-2015 Bob Beck
Copyright 1996 David Mazieres <dm@uun.org>
Copyright (c) 1995 by International Business Machines Inc. 
Copyright (c) 2015 Bob Beck <beck@opebsd.org> 
Copyright 1998-2018 The OpenSSL Project
Copyright 2016-2019 Ingo Schwarze <schwarze@openbsd.org>
Copyright (c) 2005 Anil Madhavapeddy. All rights reserved. 
Copyright 2014-2015 Ted Unangst <tedu@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2005-2006 Cryptocom LTD
Copyright (c) 2017 Claudio Jeker <claudio@openbsd.org> . 
Copyright (c) 2019 Ingo Schwarze <schwarze@openbsd.org> . The original version of this file . was written by Ronald Tse <ronald.tse@ribose.com>. 
Copyright 1995-1998 Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)
Copyright 1999-2016 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved. 
Copyright (c) 2015 Marko Kreen <markokr@gmail.com> 
Copyright 2014 Jeremie Courreges-Anglas <jca@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2014 Miod Vallat <miod@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2015 Reyk Floeter <reyk@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems Inc
Copyright 2004 Ted Unangst and Todd Miller
Copyright (c) 1999 Niklas Hallqvist. All rights reserved. 
Copyright (c) 2015 Michael Felt <aixtools@gmail.com> 
Copyright 2014 Bob Beck <beck@obtuse.com>
Copyright 2014, 2016 Miodrag Vallat
Copyright 1998, 2010, 2015 Todd C. Miller <millert@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2004 Kungliga Tekniska H
Copyright 2008 Damien Miller <djm@openbsd.org>
Copyright 1987, 1990, 1993 The Regents of the University of California
Copyright 2015-2019 Bob Beck <beck@openbsd.org>
Copyright (c) 1996 David Sacerdote . All rights reserved. . 
Copyright (C) 2006-2012 Toni Ronkko 
Copyright (c) 2012 Crypto-Pro Ltd. Serguei E. Leontiev lse@cryptopro.ru 
Copyright  2005-2014 Rich Felker et al. 
Copyright 1997, 2000-2002 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>
Copyright 2019 John Norrbin <jlnorrbin@johnex.se>
Copyright 2005 Nokia
Copyright (c) 1996 by Internet Software Consortium. 
Copyright 2004-2006, 2010 Damien Miller
Copyright 2015-2017 Doug Hogan <doug@openbsd.org>
Copyright (c) 2004 Darren Tucker. 
Copyright (c) 2015 Reyk Floter <reyk@openbsd.org> 
Copyright 1995, 1999 Theo de Raadt
Copyright (c) 2012 Matthew Dempsky <matthew@openbsd.org> 
Copyright 2016 Kristaps Dzonsons <kristaps@bsd.lv>
Copyright 2013 Markus Friedl <markus@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2014, 2016, 2018-2019 Brent Cook <bcook@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2014-2019 Joel Sing <jsing@openbsd.org>
Copyright 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
Copyright 2014-2015 Google Inc
Copyright 2005 Pascal Gloor <pascal.gloor@spale.com>
Copyright 2014 Pawel Jakub Dawidek <pjd@FreeBSD.org>
Copyright 2018-2019 Theo Buehler <tb@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2014 Theo de Raadt <deraadt@openbsd.org>
Copyright 2006 NTT
Copyright (c) 2000 Poul-Henning Kamp <phk@FreeBSD.org> 
Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium 
Copyright 2017-2019 Ribose Inc
Copyright (c) 2016 Tobias Pape <tobias@netshed.de> 
Copyright 2014-2015 Brent Cook
Copyright 2014 Dmitry Eremin-Solenikov <dbaryshkov@gmail.com>
Copyright (c) 2014 Philip Guenther <guenther@openbsd.org> 
Copyright (c) 2001 Eric Jackson <ericj@monkey.org> 
Copyright 2008, 2010-2011, 2016-2017 Otto Moerbeek <otto@drijf.net>
Copyright 2011 RTFM Inc
Copyright 1992-2018 Free Software Foundation Inc


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Component: lwip 1.4.1 

(distributed in connection with the Licensed Materials known as TCP Direct API and related library and utilities)

/*
 * Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
 * All rights reserved. 
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission. 
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT 
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING 
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 *
 * This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack.
 * 
 * Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
 *
 */

>>>> ppp
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.
* portions Copyright (c) 1998 Global Election Systems Inc.
*
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any 
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required
* for any of the authorized uses.
*
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Copyright 2002 CITEL Technologies Ltd
Copyright 1995 Eric Rosenquist Strata Software Ltd
Copyright 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv>
Copyright (c) 2001 by Cognizant Pty Ltd. 
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> 
Copyright 1990 RSA Data Security Inc
Copyright 1997-1998 Global Election Systems Inc
Copyright 1993-1994 The Australian National University
Copyright 1989 Carnegie Mellon University
Copyright 2001-2004, 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V. The Netherlands
Copyright 2002-2003 Adam Dunkels
Copyright 1991 Gregory M. Christy
Copyright 2007 Dominik Spies <kontakt@dspies.de>
Copyright 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science
Copyright 1989 Regents of the University of California
Copyright 2002 The NetBSD Foundation Inc
Copyright 2003, 2006 Marc Boucher Services Informatiques


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Component: Net-driver and other kernel code files 

(distributed in connection with OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload)

Copyright 2004 Stelian Pop <stelian@popies.net>
Copyright 2009 Stefani Seibold <stefani@seibold.net>
Copyright 2002-2005 Networks Inc
Copyright 2002-2003 International Business Machines Corp


* This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
 * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 * the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
 * (at your option) any later version.
 *
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 * GNU General Public License for more details.
 *
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 * along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
 * Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
 *


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Component: System Statistics Collection Daemon (collectd) (https://github.com/collectd/collectd) 

(distributed in connection with OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload)
collectd consists of a daemon and numerous plugins. The daemon is licensed
under the "MIT License"; its source files are located at src/daemon/. The
plugins are licenses individually, please check the top of the plugin's source
file(s) to see which license applies. The majority of plugins is licensed
either under the "MIT License" or the "GNU General Public License".

The "MIT License" follows and the "GNU General Public License version 2" is
printed in Exhibit A above. Other licenses not printed below may be found in
the source files.


MIT License
===========

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

See the “Authors” file at https://github.com/collectd/collectd for collectd
project authors and contributors


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Component: Doxygen (https://github.com/doxygen/doxygen/blob/Release_1_8_13/LICENSE) 

(distributed in connection with OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload)

* This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
 * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 * the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
 * (at your option) any later version.
 *
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 * GNU General Public License for more details.
 *
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 * along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
 * Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.
 *


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Component: bignum.{h,c} 

(distributed in connection with OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload)


Crypto library: bignum routines for RSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Taken from PuTTY 0.62:

---------------------------------------------------------------------
PuTTY is copyright 1997-2011 Simon Tatham.

Portions copyright Robert de Bath, Joris van Rantwijk, Delian
Delchev, Andreas Schultz, Jeroen Massar, Wez Furlong, Nicolas Barry,
Justin Bradford, Ben Harris, Malcolm Smith, Ahmad Khalifa, Markus
Kuhn, Colin Watson, and CORE SDI S.A.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
---------------------------------------------------------------------


Component: fuser.c 

(distributed in connection with OpenOnload and Enterprise Onload)

* fuser.c - identify processes using files
 *
 * Based on fuser.c Copyright (C) 1993-2005 Werner Almesberger and Craig Small
 *
 * Completely re-written
 * Copyright (C) 2005-2011 Craig Small
 *
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
 * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
 * the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
 * (at your option) any later version.
 *
 *  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 *  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 *  GNU General Public License for more details.
 *
 *  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
 *  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
 *  Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

